real dom vs vitual dom?

virtual dom is extension of real dom (document object modal).
virtual dom is very fast as compare to real dom.

virtual dom is used for render the html tag in react.

what is navigation?

we use react-navigation (Version 4) npm in react native for navigate to one screen to another screen.

this.props.navigation.navigate('homedetail')

what is jsx (javascript xml)?

we used for render the ui in react native.

how many third party you used in your projects?

i used lot of third party npm in my projects like react-native-image-picker, react-navigation, nativebase etc.

which plateform we can release the app?

Android - playstore
Ios - app store




what is react native?

Ans:- React Native is an open-source JavaScript framework designed by Facebook for native 
mobile applications development. in which we can build the mobile app on both plateform android and ios.

What is benifit of react native?
1. Cross Plateform technology(it  can  be use Android/Ios)
2. Hot reloading(you can speed up your development time it means real time saving)
3. easy to learn
4. big community support.
5. based on javascript code.

Why you choose this field?

i see this opportunity as a way to conribute to an exciting new technology. 
i feel my skills are well suited to this position.
react native is latest technology. i am exciting to learn new technology and i feel my skill are well
suitale for this role.

Latest version of react native?

0.64 (previous version 0.63)

Process of setup the react native project on android and ios?

First we have to install react-native-cli packages and then we have to install node, 
android studio, jdk, npm and setup in the projects then we moved on command prompt 
and run some npm like react-native init ProjectName and then we have to run
 react-native run-android and project will be run android plateform.

we have to create project on macbook with react-native init command on command prompt and 
we can run react-native run-ios on the commmand prompt then project will run on ios as well.

How many projects you have done?

I have done one projects its name called youpick!. basically it was a meetup app. 
in which two peoples can meet on perticular place for like lunch or dinner. 
in this app we have impliment some functionalities like google maps, restaurent apis.

google restaurent api-> with the help of restaurent api we can search the restaurents
in certain location.

what is your role on this project?

I have worked on ui part as well integration of some apis (Login, signup, forget password, change password, landing page screen).

What is flexbox?
in flexbox there is three component firstis flextDirection in which we have some value like row and colomn so with help these value we can 
specify the ui in horizontally and vertically. second is justifyContainer(flex-start, flext-end, center) and third is alignitems(flex-start,flex-end, center).


Name of the some basic components of react native?

View, Text, TouchableOpacity, Image, ImageBackground, Button, ScrollView, SafeAreaView, StyleSheet



What is state and props and diffrence between them?


State-> state is basically we used for data handling and manipulation in react native component.
it is mutable. we can change the value of the state at any time in projects.

props-> props is basically we used for data handling and manipulation in react native component.
but it is inmutable. we cannot change the value of the props at any time in projects.we can send the data from parent component to child component. 
also we can send  the data from child component to parent component with the help of callback.



What is diffrence between class component and functional component?

1-> we can use state in class component but in functional component we can't use this.
2-> we can achieve lifecycle method in class component but in functional component we cant.

How we can achieve the lifecycle in functional component?

For lifecycle method in functional component we can use react hooks like useState, useEffect.

What is use of useEffect?

With the help of useEffect we can memorize the data in component. we can achive the similar functionalities 
like componentDiMount, componentwillunMount, componentDidupdate, 


what is lifecycle method?

1. Mounting
2. Unmounting
3. Updating
4. Error Handling

Mounting -> Constructor, render, componentDidmount
Unmounting -> ComponentWillUnmount
Updating -> render, componentShouldUpdate, ComponentDidupdate
Error Handling -> ComponentDidcatch


Constructor -> we can contructor for state initialization.
render -> we can use for return the ui
componentDidmount -> we can use for memorize the api data.
ComponentWillUnmount -> we can use for unmounting the function.





How can send data from parent component to child component?

-->We can sent the data with the help of props.


How can send data from child component to parent component?

-->We can sent the data with the help of callback function.

What is flatlist?

With the help of flatlist we can show list in the screens.


what is diffrence between flatlist and map method?

in flatlist if we want to load the data from the server on limited number of data then with the help of 
flatlist we can easily manage to that. but we cant manage in map method.

how you integrate the api in react native?

there are two methods we can integrate api in react native. first is fetch and second is axios

what is different between axios and fetch?
fetch is in-built component of  react native
axios is third party npm.(node packaging manager)

fetch: fetch are use api  it is use in https and  react native also use fetch
Axios:- Axios are use api  but  it is use XML and http 
Get axios from third party









My name is mamta singh and i am from kushinagr uttar pradesh. i have done my mca from rajasthan technical university in 2019.
currently i am working in crossobject as a software developer. i have 7 months expriance in react native and 
i have done one project in react native.





What is promisses?

We use promisses for better error handling. in promisses we pass two arguements name called resolve and reject. 
like its promise to give some objects in future like succes or error.

what is async await?

it is a extention of promisses.it is exectute one function received at one time while other function will wait.

callback function?

callback is great way to send the data from child component to parent component. 

arrow function?

we use inside the callback of arrow function. 
pass the arguments from one fuction to another function.
we dont have to use bind method.


what is pure component?

if any state of props data change then it will reload the component otherwise it will not reload the component in react native.

How many threads in react native?

1. Main Ui thread(for use Ui)
2. shadow thread(for use functionality)
3. javascript thread

NAME SOME APP WHICH BUILT ON REACT Native?
1.Facebook
2.Instagram
3. Tesla
4. Skype
5. Myntra

hoc :-
